We Need to Talk so a couple things
number one could be back haven't made a
video in about a year I'll be trying to
fill this space up over here with as
much crap as possible videos Michael
Jordan crying memes whatever mainly so
you don't have to look at this rope in
this pinata thing maybe think about your
background before you start recording
right Brendan so a couple quick things
number one stoked to back number two
what can you expect going forward from
this YouTube channel like 350
subscribers I can't wait for that to be
more in the future and people to be like
holy crap you had 350 at some point
that sounds so small cuz right now that
seems insane because it just keeps
growing this video right here it's got
freaking over 30,000 views a bunch of
other ones here here here I don't know
where I'll put them all of those have a
bunch of different views too and I'm
really excited I'm glad that they like
the stuff I made the things that I just
had to get out of me
resonated with other people and that
YouTube keeps showing them to people not
really stoked about the psychotic Nazi
and racist comments that I have to do
the emotional labor of deleting and
marking as hate speech constantly like
maybe don't leave any more of those
internet or terrible people but I really
stoked that a lot of the videos have
resonated with people so that means I'm
gonna do a couple of things going
forward number one I noticed that since
I quit teaching a year ago maybe don't
don't look right hey also you can see
the microphone don't look right into the
light source that you set up for
yourself I don't know I don't think we
don't even need this I don't feel it
like that so it's still okay but I think
that looks a lot cool it's like kind of
mysterious over here like what's over I
don't know it's dark anyways this is
getting out of control this is what this
channel is going to be so two things
number one I notice my videos about
quitting teaching have really gotten a
lot of pickup there's a lot of people
that want to quit their teaching jobs
they don't know how they don't even know
if they should I'm gonna make probably 5
or 10 maybe videos about how I think
people should think about quitting their
teaching job I really want to finish
that I feel like I still have all that
information in me then it'll be kind of
just kicking off like digital marketing
knowledge I want to share everything
that I shared on my podcast
everything that I've written about in
blogs some of it might be personal
updating and kind of vlog II like it had
been in the past I don't know I don't
have any interest in making vlogs for
one very big reason and that is I just
started living my life through a lens
it was always thinking of like how can i
film this how can i grab b-roll to like
overlay somewhere I hated that I didn't
want to do any more time lapses I still
will there might have even been a time
lapse to the beginning of this video
hopefully not though but I wanted to do
more living and less living through a
camera and vlogging is weird it's also
weird to start with vlogging because I'm
asking you the viewer to watch my life
and get some sort of value out of it
without actually teaching anything or
giving any value to you first I think
vlogging is the worst way to start a
YouTube channel but it's just in every
single video to have each video be
either a part of a series or a one-off
that just teaches something very
concrete that you can walk away from a
video and be like holy crap I learned
something new
keep wanting to curse I'm not sure if
this will be a kursi channel oh yeah we
can tell we haven't done this in a while
don't get to work hard be nice people
and don't get to lots trying to create
something that matters